[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1995 adventure film Jumanji
so let's get started the film starts in
1869 with two brothers bearing a chest
hoping that no one will find it in 1969
Alan Parrish visits his friend Karl at a
shoe factory owned by his father car
reveals a new shoe prototype he made by
himself
Elin misplaces the shoe and damages an
important machine but Karl takes
responsibility and loses his job
Elin finds the chest containing a board
game called Jumanji and brings it home
Sarah his friend arrives and they began
playing Jumanji with each roll of the
dice the player pieces moved by
themselves and a cryptic message
describing the rules outcome appears in
the crystal ball at the center of the
board Sarah rolls the dice but nothing
happens when Alan rose the dice a
message tells him to wait in the jungle
until someone rules a 5 or 8 and he is
sucked into the game afterwards a swarm
of bats appear and chase Sarah out of
the mansion 26 years later Judy and
Peter Shepard move into the vacant
Parrish house with her Aunt Nora their
parents having died in an accident on a
ski trip Judy and Peter find Jumanji in
the attic and begin playing it their
rules summon giant mosquitoes and a
group of monkeys the game rules state
that everything will be restored when
the game ends so they continue playing
Peters next role is a five which
releases a lion and an adult Alan who
rushes to his father's Factory on the
way he meets Carl
who is now working as a police officer
and the now abandoned Factory
a homeless man tells Alan that after his
disappearance his father abandoned the
business and search for his son until
his death four years earlier the
factory's closure has devastated the
town's economy realizing that they need
Sarah to finish the game the three
locate Sarah and persuade her to join
them they continue playing until Alan's
role releases a hunter named van
well the next roll summons a herd of
various animals causing a stampede and a
pelican steals the game
Peter retrieves it but alan is arrested
by carl and Van Pelt steals the game
Peter Sarah and Judi track Van Pelt to a
department store where they set traps to
retrieve the game while alan escapes
from Carl's car the four returned to the
mansion and released one disaster after
another until Alan finally makes the
winning roll causing everything that
happened to be reversed back in 1969
Alan and Sarah are children once again
but have full memories of the games
events Alan reconciles with his father
and admits that he damaged the factories
machine Carl is rehired Alan and Sarah
throw Jumanji into a river Ben share a
kiss in the present both of Alan's
parents are alive and well and Alan has
continued his father's business Alan and
Sarah are married and expecting their
first child they meet Judy Peter and
their parents Jim and Martha for the
first time at a Christmas party
Alan offers Jim a job and convinces them
to cancel their upcoming ski trip
averting their deaths on a beach in
France two young girls here drum beats
while walking as Jumanji lies partially
buried in the sand so that was a
spoilers for Jumanji if you have a film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie spoiler alerts on the various
forms of social media remember to Like
and subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]